---
layout: post
title:  "Computer Changes"
date:   2018-04-03 10:06:00 +0000
categories: Continued Learning
---
I bought a new computer...ASUS VR ready Windows 10.  Not that I intend to play games because RSI makes that a bad idea, but it has 12gb RAM and a 7th generation quad core Intel processor so it has the power I want.  It also has a NVIDIA GEForce GTX 1060 graphics card which is probably a waste on me.  I also bought an external Blue-Ray CD-DVD drive because I still have CDs.  

The final new product was a Belkin AC1200 DB router.  The router turned out to be a mistake because I never was able to set up all the networks.  I spent at least 20 hours working and researching issues with setting up all the networks and 3 1/2 hours of that time was spent with Belkin support persons.  Granted my environment was complicated, a Windows 7 Toshiba and a Windows 10 ASUS, however, I believe I should have been able to set up all the advertised networks especially with help from Belkin support. I was trying to set up a guest and 2.4 GHz network on the Windows 7 and a guest, 2.4 and 5 GHz network on the Windows 10.  I did put security on the guest networks without which the networks were pretty useless in my opinion.  Try as much as I did, I could never get all networks working on both laptops, and after one support call that cost $9.99 and fixed one broken network but broke a working network, I decided Belkin support wasn't able to handle complicated environments and setup issues.  I have worked extensively with helpdesk support at work and personally, and I have concluded that they are at least as interested in closing your ticket as in helping resolve your problem.  In the end, I gave up and went back to Bestbuy and got a NETGEAR AC1200 router.  I set up and tested a 2.4 GHz on the Windows 7 and a 2.4 and 5 GHz on the Windows 10 in 1 1/2 hours.  Now I haven't set up the guest networks because I wasn't aware they were available so there may be more to this story...
